== DESCRIPTION

The aim of capistrano_colors is to make the capistrano output more userfriendly.
When capistrano_colors is included in your deploy.rb capistrano output gets nice and shiny colors.

== INSTALLATION

   sudo gem install capistrano_colors

== USAGE

=== Per project installation
  
  In config/deploy.rb

   require 'capistrano_colors'


=== System wide installation

  Create/Modify you ~/.caprc with the following
  
  require 'capistrano_colors'
  

== Creating you own color matchers

 Create a custom colormatcher with the colorize command.
 colorize can be called with a hash of options or an array of hashes.
  
 The options hash should have the following fields.
  
 * :match     - A regular expression of the row to match.
 * :color     - The color we want on the matching rows.
 * :prio      - What prio should this rule have (higher = more prio)
 * :attribute - Special effect (:underline, :reverse, :blink)
 * :level     - Specify if this matcher should be bound to some of capistranos log levels (info,debug,...) 
 * :prepend   - Text to be prepended to the output
 * :timestamp - Show current time with the output

=== match 
 :match is a simple regular expression for the row that should be matched.

=== color
 :color can have the following values:

 * :hide  (hides the row completely)
 * :none
 * :black
 * :red
 * :green
 * :yellow
 * :blue
 * :magenta
 * :cyan
 * :white

=== prio
  :prio is a Integer defining the matchers prio.

=== attribute
 :attribute can have the following values:

 * :bright
 * :dim
 * :underscore
 * :blink
 * :reverse
 * :hidden

== Example

   require 'capistrano_colors'    

   capistrano_color_matchers = [
     { :match => /command finished/,       :color => :hide,      :prio => 10 },
     { :match => /executing command/,      :color => :blue,      :prio => 10, :attribute => :underscore },
     { :match => /^transaction: commit$/,  :color => :magenta,   :prio => 10, :attribute => :blink },
     { :match => /git/,                    :color => :white,     :prio => 20, :attribute => :reverse },
   ]

   colorize( capistrano_color_matchers )
   
   
== CHANGES

v.0.5.5

  - Added :timestamp option. Submitted by Mike Gunderloy

v.0.5.0

  - Total rewrite and that is why we have a big version bump ;)
  - Moved modules/classes to separate files.
  - Wrote a simple color-regexp-match-engine.
  - Possible to make you own custom color-matchers.

v.0.2.1 

  - Bugfix for some err: messages that where not printed in red.
  - Moved console colors to constants
  - Simple cleanup 

== AUTHOR

Mathias Stjernström (http://pastbedti.me/)

== LICENSE

MIT License
Copyright (c) 2007 - 2008

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sub-license, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
